Page for note taking manages by AlexPH for the team work path on the marking scheme and to help the team out to know
what everyone has done and is working on to help stop confusion.

Due to our team members changing because of some absent individuals and the closure of some other teams we started
allot later than many of the other teams which means we need to work more as a team and harder to reach the deadline.

22/3 lesson time
Everyone is working and updating the code AlexPh and Orlando have worked extensive on the landing page by
adding url and correct icons for all the teams social medias updating the names of the valid team members
and editing the css files to edit text size, spacing, background font color and more. AlexPh will also add a
picture of the finished landing page to our instagram and x accounts. Nikita worked on uniting the js files while
also working on the api by designing registering the answers and the questions fixed api reader and general fixes
of the code added so far.

23-24/3 During the weekend
Nikita further worked on advancing the api by adding a skip score and a fixed score panel of 80%
Orlando worked further on the landing page by adding polish for different screen sizes and devices.Merged remote-tracking
branch 'origin/main' while Constantinos created the leaderboard html.

25/3 During the week
Nikita Advanced the api by adding cookies and basic location gathering with a script adding alerts for players exiting or not in the
boundaries for the questions while also further fixing the leaderboard panel. Giorgos added buttons to begin the treasure hunt
while Costantinos added a table to the leaderboard html file.Due to some changes to our landing page AlexPh had added this info to our
social media accounts with photo evidence to instagram and x and also added the notes to the html file so its visible on our page also
editing font size and style to match other pages.

26/3 during the week
Nikita Has done various fixes with the code including the score panel, general cookies, leaderboard button api questions and location
tracking fixes Orlando added black box unit for text input boxes for testing,General small font changes added logos and updated unit
tests logs.Alex worked on the social medias but changing them from personal to busyness accounts could not be done until engagement
was shows on the pages.Also increased engagement with the public by adding tags to new posts.

27/3 during the week
Orlando updated test page to split into multiple sections.Nikita did debugging for api, cookies and treasure hunt made error messgaes for api
added a 30 second times for location api and general small fixes of the code.Georgos fix start button.Alex added more content to the social medias.

29/3 during the week
Nikita debuged the qr code and general fixes with it , css leadeboard fix, and general css fixes for road map,
Alex added our team roles into the landing page.
